
📌 Important Notes

To provide a better contest and ensure fairness, we listened to LeetCoders' feedback and put in lots of thoughts behind the updated contest rule. Please check out our new contest rule
 which covers more scenarios with details explained.
The penalty time of 5 minutes will be applied for each wrong submission.
To ensure the fairness of the contest, LeetCode will hide some test cases during the contest. When users submit incorrect submissions, LeetCode will not show the hidden test cases to the users.
Test cases will be executed in sequential groups.
The final rating of this contest will be updated within 5 working days after the contest.





Below actions are deemed contest violations:
    One user submitting with multiple accounts during a contest. leetcode.com account and leetcode.cn account are considered to be separate accounts, even if both accounts belong to the same user.
    Multiple accounts submitting similar code for the same problem.
    Creating unwanted disturbances which interrupt other users' participation in a contest.
    Disclosing contest-related content in public discuss posts before the end of a contest.
    The use of code generation tools or any external assistance for solving problems is strictly prohibited. This includes, but is not limited to, actions such as inputting problem statements, test cases, or solution code into external assistance tools.




LeetCode heavily emphasizes the justice and fairness of our contests. We have absolutely ZERO TOLERANCE for violation behaviors (such as plagiarism, cheating, etc.). When a user is deemed violating contest rules, we will apply the following penalties on this user:
First violation: Contest score resets to zero, LeetCoin amount resets to zero, and a contest and discuss ban for 1 month.
Second violation: Contest score resets to zero and permanent account deactivation without appeal.


Furthermore, we encourage all participants to contribute to maintaining the justice and fairness of our contest. Users who submit valid violation report(s) will earn additional LeetCoins:
For each violating participant, the first 10 users who submit the violation report towards this participant will each earn 20 LeetCoins.

Each user can earn up to 100 LeetCoins for reporting violations in a contest.
Users will not be rewarded LeetCoins for reports on LCCN users.


📢 Announcements
Users must register to participate. We hope you enjoy this contest!




